Single people's blind dates usually go on
for around two and a half hours
on a weekend afternoon.
The right amount of space between two strangers
on a first meeting is 45 centimeters.
Too close and it gets awkward.
Too far and the spark fades.
Falling for someone doesn't take
five minutes or even one.
It only takes five seconds.
According to experts, those five seconds are
all it takes to make up your mind.
Everything about my blind date was on track,
safely moving along,
right up until he said this.
Ms. Ui Yeong.
Are you open to dating
with marriage in mind?
Did you just say marriage?
Yes.
I want to get married.
I'm not getting any younger,
and I'd really like to see
where this goes with you...
Oh, it's cold!
My goodness.
Oh no!
Here, use this.
Thank you.
Oh no.
Are you okay?
I'm so sorry.
I'm screwed.
Who told me to wear
a bright outfit to a blind date?
Marriage?
It's barely been thirty minutes.
How could anyone say yes to that?
I rubbed it with everything I had,
but the stain won't budge.
Scrubbing too hard can ruin the fibers.
You might end up
with a stain that never comes out.
Are you serious?
I really love this outfit.
Gosh.
Once you're home,
let it sit in salt water first,
then sugar water,
and toss it in the wash.
Since soy sauce dissolves in water,
there's a good chance the stain will lift.
Got it.
It might be best to call it a night.
Yeah.
I feel terrible about today.
You barely got to eat anything, right?
There's always next time for a meal.
Next time?
My car's by the station. I'll drive you home.
We can talk on the way...
No, it's fine.
I'll get home on my own.
I don't want to trouble you
any more than I already have.
All right.
Take care getting home.
How's the date going?
You should be heading to a second spot by now.
Your timing is unreal, as always.
I'm on my way home.
You read my text since the 1 is gone.
Pay attention to your date.
If you're into him, send me the sun emoji.
That's him.
[Episode 2]
Your first setup,
and a guy shows up in a foreign car.
Was it this one?
What?
I don't think this was it.
How should I say this...
It was white,
kind of looked like a dolphin.
- A dolphin?
- Yeah.
Wait...
This car?
A brand new one costs over 100 million won.
Over a hundred million?
It looks a little like it,
but also completely off...
What was it?
You're sure it wasn't an SUV, right?
Yeah.
Isn't an SUV one of those big ones?
With four wheels?
All cars have four wheels, are you kidding me?
Look, next time you meet him,
just snap a photo.
That never crossed my mind.
Why not just have him bring
proof of income while you're at it?
I wonder
if that guy in the fancy car
was sizing you up by your bag that day.
That's pretty cold coming from a mom.
That's not what I meant.
This is just, like, curiosity?
Once you sit across
from someone at a blind date,
you better be prepared to get sized up too.
If you're meeting someone anyway,
wouldn't a guy with a nice car
be the better pick?
A luxury car can't be trash,
so the guy driving it
can't be trash either, can he?
Right.
His family could've been rich for generations,
or maybe he built it all himself
while still young.
Or he could be car-poor.
Car-poor?
No,
he didn't come off as the flashy type.
You nagged me for years about not dating,
and now you can't wait to hold me back?
What?
When did I do that?
You pay for that yourself?
Also, a guy who jumps straight
to marriage talk on date one
is just weird, no?
Start doing family visits
and wedding invites now,
the thrill will be dead in a year.
What a fun time dating that'll be.
Oh please, let's not jinx it...
- Knock on wood.
So when's the next date?
No clue, I haven't heard from him.
No follow-up text yet?
No.
So he still hasn't gotten back to you.
Whatever you do, don't text him first.
You'll look way too eager.
Aren't you leaving?
It's late.
Quit snacking on that stuff.
He hasn't even texted,
so why are you searching that?
Does the follow-up come with a deadline?
[Average wait time for a date follow-up]
Follow-up after a blind date...
[How long before a follow-up usually comes?]
[Weekend date, how soon is the follow-up?]
[That same day]
[A day or two, tops?]
[If the vibe's great,
plans are set on the spot]
[Most people lock it in before leaving, no?]
[Same day here too!]
[By the next day at most, right?]
[It's usually just a few hours, isn't it?]
[Before you even walk away!]
[Definitely same day]
[When the chemistry's there, it's instant]
Excuse me.
I didn't realize it was you.
Did you get a new car?
Oh, it's a company car.
I always use the company vehicle, remember?
What time did you get here?
It's the weekend.
Please tell me you didn't pull an all-nighter.
I got here once the sun was up.
Didn't you say the trees already came in?
They arrived,
but the display still needs to be done.
You showed up early
just to make me work, didn't you?
Let me pitch in as well.
The vibe is great.
Mind if I take this?
Go ahead, consider it your wages for the day
and mark whatever catches your eye.
Sure.
You're eating before you leave, right?
No, there's a place I need to stop by.
Would it be okay if I showered here?
Over here.
What's wrong?
- It's Sua's first time as a flower girl today.
- Yeah.
I checked out what little kids
usually wear to weddings
and chose something nice,
but she turned it down.
The more you try to make it
not look like "dad-picked" clothes,
the more tacky they actually get.
I handled all your outfits
even when your mom was around.
Your mom's taste was never better than mine.
Come on.
Sua, you're going to hurt your dad's feelings.
And honestly, I think you look great in that.
That's because I can pull off anything.
Seriously, you can't do any better than that?
Fix your buttons,
and sweep your hair to the side.
Step over here.
Hey!
All set.
Let's go.
- You made it?
- Yeah.
Look over here, please.
One, two, three!
- Congratulations.
- Thanks.
Come here, hurry up.
- No, I'm good.
- Why not?
It's pretty crowded in here,
so we'll hang out there.
- Thank you.
- Congratulations.
Thank you.
Fourteen years of dating
and they finally tied the knot.
I know.
Oh, and get this.
Pretty sure they split up around ten times.
Oh look, our graduation picture.
Hyun Ju's in this one too.
She looked so pure and wide-eyed back then.
Nobody would've guessed
she'd cut you loose that coldly
six years down the road.
Hey, you paying attention?
Not interested?
- Make sure you grab that bouquet.
- See you in a bit.
Oh, you're looking.
Have they lost their mind?
A heads-up about Hyun Ju showing up
would've been nice.
Why don't they just seat you guys
at the same table?
Hello, everyone.
I'll be hosting today's ceremony,
and I'm the groom's...
Wonderful seating plan they came up with.
Relationships end,
but classmates stay classmates.
By the way,
word is you're tying the knot this year?
Going for the bouquet today too?
Yes.
I already called dibs on it.
I want to make it happen
by the end of the year.
That's great.
Hey.
Did you hear that the chair he designed
went for thirteen million won at an art fair?
- Oh, really?
- Seriously?
Honestly, the first couple of years
running the business were rough.
Zero projects, zero income.
All he could rely on
were the people around him,
and that's exactly when someone left.
Lee Eun Ho.
Loneliness doesn't check your schedule first.
Eun Ho, your wife's never felt lonely
because of you?
Hey.
- Please welcome Sua.
- Don't cross the line.
You started it first. Drop it.
Our adorable flower girl, Sua...
Did I?
is now entering.
Sua, look over here, look here.
Sua, that's it.
She's so pretty.
Sua,
look over here for a second.
Oh my, whose daughter is she?
So cute.
Song Tae Seop.
How come you stayed silent that entire time?
It's been a long time.
Yeah, it has.
You got dumped after dating someone that long.
The least you could've done was say,
"Come back."
"Be well."
Or even, "I hope you're miserable."
Any one of those three
would've been the decent thing to do.
I wasn't grown up enough
to let go of someone I loved with any grace.
I wanted to reject everything,
but I swallowed it and threw myself into work.
The years just flew by.
So...
life's been good?
One, two, three.
Yeah.
I thought maybe you'd lost everything
and ended up crawling back
to the family business.
Part of me always wanted
to run into you one more time.
And congrats on the wedding.
What about you?
No one in your life?
I haven't heard a single thing.
Any girl who dates you is in for a headache.
You can't handle two things at once.
Actually...
I had a blind date.
Let's go.
What?
Isn't that Hyun Ju's bouquet?
- I've done my part celebrating.
- Song Tae Seop. Lee Eun Ho.
Run. Let's go!
[68 hours since the blind date]
Yu Been, Woo Hyuk, I need those product photos
for the design award entries to look top-notch.
- Yes.
You mentioned you're heading to Jeju
for the pitch in person, right?
The roastery owner is counting on it.
There are technical details
I should walk them through face to face,
- so I'll leave tomorrow night.
- Okay.
Take Jin Su with you.
I'll book the flights and hotel.
Next, the select shop.
- Yes.
Demo on Monday.
Confirmed for Thursday.
Alright.
That's it for today.
Come here.
What?
So when do I get the blind date details?
Is she pretty?
That's adorable.
Such a baby.
She looks just like her.
You're obsessed with her!
So, is she pretty?
Like, is she your type?
Yeah, I guess.
Am I finally going to see you date again?
Please tell me you bought her a good meal
and gave her a ride home.
Oh, well...
That doesn't sound good.
Did you set up a second date?
It's just that this week is slammed,
so I figured maybe next week?
Even if you're meeting later,
you should ask her out now.
Pull out your phone.
No, just give it to me. I'll do it my...
I'll take care of it when I get off.
Then leave. Now.
Get out of here. Go!
What's the holdup?
I'm home.
If you live alone,
you have to take better care of yourself.
What's wrong with my back?
My phone...
[90 hours since the blind date]
[Meeting for New Summer Bingsu Menu]
Still nothing.
What's going on with Ui Yeong today?
She's been out of it all day.
Maybe something went down on that blind date.
Wait, she had a blind date?
She always pretends
she doesn't care about that stuff.
Did I say it was a blind date?
So summer bingsu is
where the hotel's reputation is on the line?
Exactly.
We're aiming for fine dining standards.
Only the finest melons.
That's why I set up a blind tasting.
- Really?
- For real?
It just melts in my mouth.
It's sweet.
[Melon tasting scorecard]
Isn't this good?
This one's sweeter.
Yeah, definitely.
The scent on this one stands out more, though.
[Honeydew]
[Cantaloupe] [White Dream]
[Haniwon] [Noeul] [Musk]
The Musk tastes and smells wonderful,
but there's nothing exclusive about it.
The Noeul is lighter on fragrance,
but it brings a pumpkin-like flavor
with a cozy sweetness.
The Haniwon checks a lot of boxes,
but the timing's off for the season.
The White Dream is sweet enough,
but it falls a little short on that crisp bite.
For all-around balance,
the Cantaloupe takes it.
Purchasing team,
track down a melon vendor for us.
Yes.
Once the melons arrive,
let's start recipe testing right away.
- Yes.
I can't wait.
Me too.
He's been ignoring his phone the whole day.
Did he step out for food?
Hey, Bo Yoon, Joon Hyung.
- Yeah?
Where's Tae Seop?
He didn't have lunch with us.
Come to think of it,
has anyone even seen him today?
Is he a no-show today?
Tae Seop?
He never missed a single day
from grade school through college.
He'd only catch a cold when classes were out.
Hey, you in there or not?
Eun Ho.
Hey.
Wait, you're inside?
Hey! Open the door!
I can't.
You have to come in yourself.
The passcode is
2621.
2, 1?
What?
2616?
2621, you idiot.
Hey.
Yeah.
Tae Seop!
Song Tae Seop!
Don't touch me.
Hey!
I answered you. What's with the water?
What's wrong with you?
Don't touch me.
Help me up.
- Let's go to the hospital.
- Help me up. Slowly.
Is it a big deal?
The thing is...
It's a muscle knot.
Sorry?
A muscle knot?
But he's completely immobilized?
He was lying there like that
for a whole day straight.
Traditional Korean medicine has this saying.
"Nine out of ten."
When someone has ten illnesses,
nine of those come from blocked energy flow.
Don't take it lightly.
Get some acupuncture before you go.
I can tell you're living by yourself.
Yeah...
Grown-ups need someone watching over them too.
Save a friend as your emergency contact
and share your door code with them.
Being alone turns into
dying alone.
You've lost so much weight.
Are you even up for the business trip?
Want me to just send Jin Su instead?
I'm definitely going.
The acupuncture actually helped a lot.
Being alone turns into dying alone.
Gosh.
Excuse me.
I love that it's just us girls tonight.
Come on. Tell me.
Nobody has any drama?
Oh, right.
Hey.
Word is Attorney Kang Do Hyun
has been hitting on you.
Keep that up
and romance will overtake your workload.
What?
Dating is the last thing on my mind.
How come?
Give him a chance.
See what happens
when you shut everyone out?
What?
What's wrong?
You haven't put your phone down all day.
You had a blind date
and now you're hoping he calls back.
If he still hasn't texted by now,
he's not interested.
My husband and I met on a blind date.
Is every guy the same way?
Yes. Every single one.
What if I introduce you
to a seriously great guy?
He's a Y University grad,
jumped right into his master's after college,
and finished his PhD in the U.S.
He works at S Electronics now,
and they recruited him with an offer
over one hundred million won.
One hundred million?
That was three years back,
so he's probably earning more by now.
Plus, he has zero interest in nightlife,
and he's one of those rare guys
who pays no attention to other women.
So why hasn't someone like that
found anyone yet?
You know the nerdy type, right?
He hit the books so hard
that he's a little awkward socially?
And looks-wise, he's sort of...
Got it.
So he's not much to look at either.
Does a guy's appearance even matter to you?
Yeah.
It's not on purpose,
but looks are all you see at first.
That fades with time.
Honestly,
with your resume,
how would you ever meet a guy like that?
We may look impressive on the surface,
but there's not
a whole lot of substance behind it.
Just go see him.
I'll send him your number.
Wait a second.
Give me a bit more time
and I'll get back to you.
Yeah, no problem.
Let me know when you're ready.
Oh, right.
Is anyone coming to help us?
I love this place,
but the staff here are so slacking.
Excuse me.
Thank you.
Ui Yeong.
Have I been waiting too long for a follow-up?
I must be seeing things.
How come you're here...
Did you drink? Your face is flushed.
I had a company dinner tonight, so...
Were you on your way somewhere?
Oh, I have a business trip,
so I was on my way to the airport.
Oh, is that so?
Once I'm back...
You know...
Have you gone on any more blind dates?
What?
No,
nothing's come my way either.
Oh, okay.
I actually got an offer though.
So should I turn it down?
Well...
I don't see how that's my call.
It's your decision to make.
Yeah.
Forget I brought it up.
Get going.
Hold on.
I'll contact you after I'm back.
Contact me?
The stain really did come out.
Nice.
About the dress.
I followed your advice
and the stain disappeared completely!
Thanking him was just the excuse.
What I really wanted was a second date.
Bumping into him again
felt like a sign from above.
He's bound to read my message, right?
[111 hours since the blind date]
[Song Tae Seop]
[I followed your advice
and the stain disappeared completely!]
Was that just small talk
and I read too much into it?
- No way!
- It's gorgeous!
It looks so upscale!
Consider this payback for those amazing melons.
Wait, so we can have some right now?
Absolutely.
Let's eat.
That looks incredible.
It's so sweet and so good.
The quality of the ingredients was outstanding.
Marketing can't wait to launch these,
so make sure the purchase orders go through.
Got it.
This is incredible. Right?
Yeah, it's incredible.
But do you think people will buy it?
130,000 won could make it
the priciest hotel shaved ice around.
But considering what goes into it,
the price isn't that unreasonable,
and people are paying
for the date experience too.
So let's back the chef and run with it.
- Absolutely.
- Got it.
I'm Lee Jeong Woo.
Na Ri gave me your number.
I'd love to meet up this Saturday.
Would that work for you?
I told her I'd let her know
if I didn't get a follow-up,
but by now, she probably knows it's a dead end.
He couldn't even bother to read my text?
That's harsh.
Saturday sounds good to me.
What spot works for you?
I'm done too, then.
[6:00 p.m., Lee Jeong Woo,
Yangjae, CAFE CATTLE&TEA]
[Melon tasting scorecard]
Looks and personality are things
I have to consider.
[Looks]
[Personality]
Personality.
Also...
Someone who's happy to go on dates
on their days off would be ideal.
Then I guess stamina is a factor?
A solid build would be a plus.
[Physical Build]
Also... money.
Our spending habits should line up.
Right.
[Financial Stability]
Someone who doesn't hold back spending
on dates would be nice.
Humor...
that's something you just can't do without.
[Humor]
T-types are a no-go for me.
F only, period.
[F for empathy!!]
I'm not messing around
with this second blind date.
That bag costs a fortune.
Go with something else.
Seriously...
You told me people size me up
based on what bag I'm carrying.
You want your daughter to be looked down on?
I also don't want people overestimating you.
[190 hours since the blind date]
[Second Blind Date Day]
Perfect.
Glad to hear it.
That dress looked perfect on you.
Are you free this evening?
Oh, now you text me?
I'm on my way to a blind date right now.
My reply was a bit late, wasn't it?
The business trip had me swamped, so I...
I already have plans.
I'll reach out next time.
I'll be waiting to hear from you.
A cafe is where he chose for the blind date.
If I'm not his type,
he can down a quick coffee and leave.
No money or time wasted. Very practical of him.
So that's what it takes
to pull in over a hundred million won a year?
You know the nerdy type, right?
He hit the books so hard
that he's a little awkward socially?
And looks-wise, he's sort of...
Late? Then just say so, for God's sake.
If his time matters, so does everyone else's.
I'm late.
Did I say that too late?
Are you Lee Jeong Woo by any chance?
Yes, I'm Jeong Woo.
You're Ui Yeong, right?
Yes.
So much for "don't get your hopes up."
Ui Yeong, quit smiling like this.
[Looks]
You look like a movie star.
Nobody's ever told me that before.
Is that so?
So, are you into movies at all?
Who doesn't enjoy a good movie?
Exactly.
Fair point.
What kind of movies are you into?
Comedies and rom-coms are my thing.
Those two are the only ones I skip.
What?
Is he disagreeing just to spite me?
[Zero humor, zero empathy]
Our tastes couldn't be more different.
I heard from Na Ri you're at S Electronics.
The bonuses there are massive, aren't they?
Plus, the perks are supposedly amazing.
That kind of package would fire me up.
It's no different from any other desk job.
On a blind date,
I don't care how much the other person makes.
Hold on,
did he just call me out?
[Personality, fail]
Ui Yeong.
Stick it out till the very end today.
What's the story behind your neck tattoo?
S Electronics is known for being rigid,
yet you come off as pretty laid-back.
You're not some exec's kid
in disguise, are you?
Wouldn't that be nice?
Sorry, what?
If that were true, why would I be here?
All you've talked about is my job and money.
I know my resume is why you showed up,
but being that blatant is a real turnoff.
I blow through every cent I make,
so even if we end up together,
don't count on me footing the bills.
What an absolute ass.
Someone obviously forced him to show up.
Listen,
I see you like being straightforward,
but I'm not looking to rely on a man's wallet.
I've got the check today.
Let's wrap up and head out.
Sure,
then, over here, please.
Two macarons and a tiramisu cake,
plus an iced mocha loaded with whipped cream.
Anything for you?
Just that, please.
The world is full of total lunatics.
I just
really love sweets.
You're really done now, right?
Why is Tae Seop here of all places?
What's wrong?
I get dizzy when I stand up too fast.
Who's that man over there?
A former boyfriend?
The one before him?
- So the ex before that ex.
- Oh, just shut up.
Why would you swear at...
You clearly don't care about me anyway.
I'm heading out,
so let's say our goodbyes there.
How do you plan to reach the exit?
Wait, your dress got caught...
Please hold still...
Just a second...
Get your hands off me.
Ui Yeong?
Oh, Tae Seop.
Are you okay? Do you know this person?
What?
Yeah, she does.
I'm her brother.
Brother?
My bad, sis.
I shouldn't have opened your piggy bank.
I had no clue
you'd saved it since grade school.
I thought you said you had no siblings.
She's technically an only child.
I'm just her cousin.
But what about you?
Since when do you know my sister so well?
This isn't what it looks like.
Oh, I see.
The noise caught me off guard.
Sorry about that.
Sorry for the scene.
I should get going.
I'll reach out later.
Okay.
Cousins?
He definitely didn't fall for that.
Before you misunderstand,
your skirt had slipped up,
so I was fixing it for you.
If he hadn't loaded up on coffee and cake...
Either way, sorry I grabbed you like that.
I was flustered.
You hear me?
Yeah.
It's okay.
The act wasn't very convincing,
but I appreciate you trying.
Anyway, take care.
So the blind date is done?
Yes, it's done.
You can leave now.
You called it off first
because I'm not your type.
- Am I wrong?
- Exactly.
So please just go already.
Hey.
If you're free right now,
how about a drink?
Nothing to do with the blind date.
Excuse me, two draft beers, please.
Sure.
Then you're covering this.
I got the cafe, so the drinks are yours.
Fine.
Blind dates usually involve a meal.
That's why I hadn't eaten all day.
What are you, a hamster?
Take it easy.
Not having any?
No. That cake left a sweet taste I can't shake.
Seriously?
Why are you chugging like that?
Don't come at me for how I drink.
By the way,
I'm older,
so mind if I talk casually?
Too late for that.
Then I will too.
That's got to be a blind date.
Maybe I should've talked her out of it...
[Had plans already] [A cousin...?]
[A sibling...?]
Excuse me, we close in ten minutes.
Right,
let me wrap up and leave. My apologies.
My plan is simple.
I want to find the right person
before time runs out
and build a good life together.
By the way,
what I can't figure out is you.
Why did you even show up today?
Same as yours.
To meet someone great.
What?
Josu Saman Ko?
No,
I was saying, meeting someone great...
That was almost a fender bender.
That's the whole point of blind dates.
Fine, I get that...
so why wasn't I good enough?
What?
I'm not looking for a fight,
just an honest answer.
Sure, I don't earn what you do,
but my income is stable.
My mom is still working, and my dad,
even though we live apart,
still has a job at a public company.
As for personality,
I've been called too nice, maybe,
but never unkind.
When you look at the full picture,
I'd say
I'm a solid catch, wouldn't you?
You're decent.
You come off a bit like a people-pleaser,
but I'd take that over someone cruel.
So
is it my appearance? I'm not attractive to you?
You're
good-looking.
This makes no sense.
Hey.
Just tell me straight
so I can improve for the next one.
Down that glass and I'll explain.
I was already planning to.
Once I finish this, I'll forget tonight
and go find someone truly worth it.
You'll see.
Actually,
could you introduce me to someone?
Got any friends as good-looking as you?
Seriously?
You're asking that to the person
you just had a blind date with?
Besides, I don't have friends to introduce.
Try someone else.
You're so boring.
Where did the time go?
You really put that food away.
Thanks for the treat.
Now that you're full, how about a walk?
I ate too much.
Hey, follow me over here.
Come on, follow me.
What?
I worried over nothing.
Over here.
Do you know what this is?
It's a merry-go-round.
I ruled the playground as a kid.
No,
the official name.
Wait, it has a different name?
Yeah.
A spinning stage.
A spinning stage?
- Shall I spin it?
- Yeah.
This feels great.
Hold on tight.
Hold on!
Stop it.
I'm about to throw up, quit it!
Hey.
You alright?
Hey...
Are you going to puke?
Want me to pat your back?
Everything's spinning.
Are you fine?
It's still spinning.
Look at that,
the whole world is spinning.
You're seriously hilarious.
You know that?
Right back at you.
This is trouble.
My heart is fluttering.
My mind keeps wandering.
What if
I just trusted him completely?
It might turn out better
than I think.
But...
I'm not sleeping with you.
Why?
Isn't this
nice?
Yes.
I love it. That's the problem.
Ui Yeong!
Since she was the one who arranged this,
I couldn't act on my feelings.
If Na Ri ever learned the truth,
that alone would be a nightmare.
What took you so long?
I've been waiting on pins and needles!
So how was it?
Wait, did something happen?
You look like you have a story.
I knew it!
Tell me everything.
It went really well.
Jeong Woo was exactly my type.
For real? Even his looks?
Yeah, he was a bit stiff at first,
but once he relaxed,
that shift was really appealing.
We even went somewhere after
and split four bottles of soju.
No way!
And then?
Nothing else.
That's all?
That's all.
Seriously, nothing?
Four bottles of soju on a first date
and that's all?
Did you at least dress up a little?
People appreciate it when you make an effort.
And that was my second blind date.
He never even checked if I got home okay.
Shin Ji Su, how did the blind date go?
Actually, forget it.
It probably flopped, right?
Back at the cafe, when your head was clear,
you showed zero interest.
At the bar, you just danced around the topic.
And now you're asking if this feels good?
- Well, that's...
- Are you really into me?
I don't think so.
You're just caught up in tonight.
Hey.
You know what that's called?
Lust.
Hold on, you...
Let's go.
A blind date should feel light,
but I overdid it with the drinks tonight.
Find someone you genuinely care about.
Someone worth every ounce of your heart.
I hope that person comes along.
Hey Jeong Woo, sorry to bother you,
but can I get Lee Ui Yeong's number?
I met the matchmaker at a social event.
She kept probing to figure me out.
I wasn't ready to come out,
but you helped me avoid it.
Consider this thanks.
Melon bingsu with a line out the door?
MIMI posted about our hotel's bingsu online.
Is MIMI famous or something?
Wait,
you've never heard of MIMI?
She's in Oh My Girl.
It's a girl group. She does variety shows too.
She's incredibly popular and adorable.
I know.
Oh my God...
- My gosh.
- Gosh.
Gosh.
Is it possible to change the melon order?
Absolutely.
I already confirmed
with the supplier before we started.
Media outlets are reaching out as well.
We'll offer a room-and-bingsu package,
so factor that in
and lock down as much supply as you can.
Got it.
Celebrity power is no joke, right?
She wouldn't have posted about it
if the bingsu wasn't that good.
Someone put in the effort to develop the recipe
and find quality melons.
- Let's recognize the people who earned it.
- Yeah...
Right.
That's exactly my point.
Ui Yeong, well done.
Seriously, well done.
Same to you, Chef.
- Oh yes, Chef, wonderful work.
- You're the best.
You too.
[Conference Room]
- Great job. - Good job, everyone.
Do you have any plans after work tonight?
Nothing on my schedule.
Any second now...
there she is.
Have a seat here.
No trouble getting here?
What can I get you?
- A beer for me, please.
- Okay.
- Glad you could make it.
- So glad you're here.
Three people from the Purchasing Team
and the general manager?
That's a unique combo.
We actually have a small group at work.
It's called the Eat Eat Club.
Pardon?
No, Eat, Eat, Club.
We explore restaurants
and try new dishes together.
She claims it was for professional development,
but really it's just a group
that eats well and blows off steam.
Tonight is different though.
We're here to celebrate the bingsu success.
Everything is my treat.
It's hot.
- It's hot.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Looks delicious.
- That outfit today is...
- Pretty?
Okay, fresh gloves on.
This looks amazing.
Oh wait,
have you never tried chicken feet before?
Never.
That's right, you grew up overseas.
Here's what you should know about chicken feet.
There's nothing better for relieving stress.
Give it a try.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Okay.
- Since you're in Korea, you should try it.
- Give it a try.
High five!
- High five!
Four chicken feet, high four, high four!
What do you think?
- It's actually really good.
- Right?
- Spicy?
- It's spicy, right?
If it's too spicy, have some of this.
I see why this helps with stress now.
Right?
But
do you all get stressed out a lot?
Your team always looks so upbeat.
I never would have guessed.
Absolutely.
I'm running on frustration all year round.
In my case, the path
to a permanent position looks bleak.
As for me, my blind date was a total wreck.
Stay strong, Ui Yeong.
Thanks.
No complaints on my end.
Sharing good food with all of you
is enough for me.
All right.
- Cheers!
Bottoms up!
What took you so long?
I planned to stop eating at seven.
My bad,
the roads were awful.
But Sua,
doesn't every diet begin tomorrow?
Sua, listen.
He wasn't feeling well
and even went to the hospital.
Really?
So no nagging today.
No nagging.
Where does it hurt? Is it really bad?
Yeah, it hurts so much.
I'm dying,
I'm dying.
You can't die.
I know I can't, but I'm already dead.
Could you just keep her for a month or so?
The food was wonderful.
You're cute.
Chef,
do you think
I'll find the right melon for me someday too?
You're talking
about a man right now, aren't you?
Yes.
Just two blind dates so far, right?
What exactly are you looking for in someone?
When I accidentally discovered
my date's car was a luxury model,
my pulse went up.
But...
I honestly couldn't
pick it out if I saw it again.
I can't even distinguish a sedan from an SUV.
My license has been sitting
in a drawer for years.
A pricey car
or a huge salary...
Here's the wine you ordered.
Would you mind telling us about this wine?
Of course.
This is an everyday red
from Italy's Abruzzo region,
with ripe fruit notes
- and a bright acidity.
- Even if someone has stunning looks,
impressive qualities on paper
don't guarantee a real connection.
The key is
being on the same wavelength.
It takes two, not just one.
So blind dates are fun.
- Hello.
- Welcome.
Give this a try.
I think it'd look great on you.
Sure, I'll try it on.
Oh, that's stunning on you.
I think a cute style would suit you, too.
What about this one?
Got anything darker?
Preferably something that hides spills?
Just a second.
What do you think of this?
Let me just take a quick look.
Since I'm doing this,
I'm going all in.
- I'll try it on.
- Sure.
So if you know anyone decent, please set me up.
[New message]
Look what I picked out for you.
Isn't it beautiful?
Sure, I'll take it.
[You have a new message]
Hi, nice to meet you.
Hello.
I'm Lee Ho Kwang. I sing and act on stage.
Hi, I'm Yook Jun Seo.
Are you free next Friday?
You're Lee Ui Yeong, right?
Nice to meet you.
Would you like to grab a cup of coffee with me?
Are you okay?
Hi, nice to meet you.
Hi, I got your number for a blind date.
Every single one of these
is a blind date request?
[How fast can you fall? Five seconds!]
[Is it a green light?]
[Looks]
[Trust myself to him?]
Even though it began as a tipsy rant...
Hi, nice to meet you. You know who I am, right?
Is there someone
going on blind dates before work?
Yes, that's me.
If I see her just one more time,
I'll know for sure.
Why don't you try running into her...
Oh, Ui Yeong.
Why are you holding my hand?
Is there a reason?
I don't want to be completely fake with you.
- None of those men
- Oh no.
- turned out to be my type.
- Tae Seop.
Did you come here to see me?